Update guides.md (#29)
DesignSafe-CI/DS-User-Guide: user-guide/docs/curating/guides.md

### [Simulation](#simulation) { #simulation }

> We recommend reading the Best Practices Guide for [Simulation Data](../../bestpractices/working#simulationdata) as a prerequesite to initiating your project.

Reviewer: The link in the PR description, and here when run locally, gave me a 404. Is the target content https://www.designsafe-ci.org/user-guide/curating/#best-practices? If so, this is the URL to use:

```suggestion
We recommend reading the Best Practices Guide for [Simulation Data](../#best-practices) as a prerequisite to initiating your project.
```
